{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red231\green38\blue25;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 1. \
Yet, tensions have been on the rise in the past two years. In addition to the competing territorial claims from different parties, the United States is now also playing a role that Beijing sees as an effort to re-assert Washington into the regional strategic mix. The race to control the disputed islands by relevant parties is \ul fuelled by the concern of China\'92s rise\ulnone ,\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 This claim simply does not hold. How is it possible that there is an everyone-else-but-China entity that shares the same concern about China's rise? The author needs to be specific about these concerns. On top of that, such a grand claim needs to be supported by evidence or if it is a rephrasing of someone else's opinion, a reference to the referred claim needs to be provided.
\i0 \cf0 \
2.\
The tension in the SCS has continued to escalate this year with a series of events. Vietnam in May accused China of cutting the exploration cables of an oil survey ship. In a similar incident in June, it claimed a Chinese fishing boat had \'93intentionally rammed\'94 the exploration cables of another of its boats. Yet, China insisted that its fishing boats were chased away by armed Vietnamese ships in the incident. According to China\'92s Foreign Affairs spokesman, the fishing net of one of the Chinese boats became tangled with the cables of a Vietnamese oil exploring vessel, which was operating in the waters claimed by China, and was dragged for more than an hour before it was cut free. China accused Vietnam of \'93gravely violating\'94 its sovereignty and warned it to stop \'93all invasive activities.\'94\

\i \cf3 The author failed to mention the location of the incidents or even the claimed location of the incidents, which was a crucial detail. Whether this incident happened near Hainan, or whether it happened right on the coast of Vietnam would result in vastly different stories.
\i0 \cf0 \

\i \cf3 It is important to take notes that the first of these mentioned incidents happened 80 miles off the coast of Vietnam and 370 miles from Hainan island (as reported by many sources, including Reuter here\'a0
\b http://tinyurl.com/3lpt8t8
\b0 ). The second of these incidents were also reported to be within Vietnam's EEZ (see 
\b http://tinyurl.com/3ehdjbe
\b0 ). In both incident, the complaints were raised by Vietnam which were responded to later by China.
\i0 \cf0 \

\i \cf3 These were important details. It was very misleading to ignore them.
\i0 \cf0 \
3.\
The concern of the international community is that the Chinese, for the first time, labeled the SCS a \'93core interest,\'94 on par with its interests in Taiwan and Tibet.\

\i \cf3 Again, there just cannot be an international "everyone-else-but-China" community. This theme was done a few times in this article which suggested a world view consisting of China and not-China. This claim needs more clarification on the scope of this so-called international community.
\i0 \cf0 \

\i \cf3 This claim also raised the question of whether such labeling or wording an important issue to this so-called international community. If such labeling was important to this international community, why did the author not give any supporting evidence?\'a0
\i0 \cf0 \
4.\
Many Chinese military officers and scholars have challenged Clinton\'92s calling \'93freedom of navigation in the sea\'94 a U.S. \'93national interest.\'94 A high-ranking Chinese military officer argued that freedom of navigation was never a problem in that region.\'a0Liu Jiangyong, an Asia-Pacific studies specialist at Beijing\'92s Tsinghua University, said he did not see any sense in people worrying about or interfering in matters that did not concern them. Wang Hanling, a specialist in maritime law at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said that China has never interfered in the normal activities of any ship crossing the SCS or any aircraft flying over it, especially those for commercial use \'93What the U.S. calls \'91national interest\'92 is not freedom of navigation but rather its presence in the Western Pacific, or military superiority and political influence, to be more specific,\'94 Wang elaborated [3]. His comment stands for that of the majority of Chinese scholars.\

\i \cf3 The freedom of navigation cannot be proven solely by opinions, let alone opinions of only Chinese scholars and military men. The authors did not even mention events happen in this region nor cited any number regarding the freedom of navigation in this water. For example, how many ships traveled through this region without being harassed by one of the countries? Did any country other than China share the same view regarding freedom of navigation in the SCS?
\i0 \cf0 \

\i \cf3 On the contrary, in recent months both Vietnam and the Philippines filed complaints about the\'a0harassment\'a0of their fishermen in this water (see 
\b http://tinyurl.com/3nxterr
\b0 ). These certainly were evident enough to raise concern about freedom of navigation in this water for further investigation.
\i0 \cf0 \
The U.S. and Chinese contesting views on \'91freedom of navigation\'92 have resulted in several incidents in the EEZs of the Asia-Pacific region. The disagreements between US and China, and between costal states and user states in general, on the interpretations of the 1982 UNCLOS provisions generally relate to the exact presumed meaning of the terms in the convention, as well as the meaning of specific articles. For example, there are specific differences with regard to the meaning of \'91freedom\'92 of navigation and overflight in and above the EEZ, i.e., whether such freedoms can be limited by certain regulations\'97national, regional or international\'97or whether such freedoms are absolute.\

\i \cf3 A disagreement by definition requires at least two differing views.\'a0Without explicitly stating the U.S. view on freedom of navigation, it was meaningless to talk about a disagreement (at all).
\i0 \cf0 \

\i \cf3 The mentioned specific differences were stated simply as difference of degree, i.e. how broadly can freedom be defined. If fishermen from Vietnam and the Philippines were endangered by Chinese vessel there was no freedom of navigation no matter how narrowly defined the term was.
\i0 \cf0 \
5.\
Among all these mentioned debates on \'93core interest,\'94 \'93freedom of navigation\'94 and \'93internationalization,\'94 the \'93U-shape line\'94 remains the most controversial and ambiguous issue between China and other claimant states. The original line, drawn by Chinese authorities in 1947, was composed of 11 dashes. Later the PRC left out two dashes in the Tonkin Gulf [6]. Beijing has not had any official declaration about the international and national legal values of the discontinuous dotted line. Before the Chinese government defined the U-shape line\'92s legal status, Chinese scholars had different or even contradictory explanations about the dotted line\'92s legal value at many international conferences. When China clarifies its claim is of great concern for not only other claimant states but for the whole international community. Indeed, it has become a nagging problem for Chinese foreign policy makers.\

\i \cf3 This question was a great question. The issue was a complex and was hard to resolve even without the ambiguity of the Chinese claim, especially the meaning of the U-line. As China was the only claimant who did not explicitly filed an international complaints (others had filed complaints to the U.N.) which an explicit claim.
\i0 \cf0 \
}